Update aarch64_linux build to Jetpack 4.4 and CUDA 10.2 (#2107)
NVIDIA/DALI: docs/compilation.rst

  x86-64 target and they are turned off in this build. There is no support for DALI Python library
  on aarch64 yet. Some Operators may not work as intended due to x86-64 specific implementations.

Setup
^^^^^

> Using the SDK Manager for NVIDIA Jetson as the product category adn JetPack 4.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the JetPack 4.4 SDK for NVIDIA Jetson using the SDK Manager, following the instruction provided here: https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/jetpack 
```

Author: Done

Then select CUDA for the host. After download process has been completed move
``cuda-repo-ubuntu1804-10-2-local-10.2.89-440.40_1.0-1_amd64.deb`` and
``cuda-repo-cross-aarch64-10-2-local-10.2.89_1.0-1_all.deb`` from the download folder

> to main DALI folder.

Reviewer: Maybe mention that they are reqired for the cross-build?

Author: Done
